# Timeframe

Click-draggable. Range-makeable. A better calendar.  In MooTools.

A port of Stephen Celis's [Timeframe for Prototype](http://github.com/stephencelis/timeframe/tree/master).  The Public API should be the same.

## A work in progress

This is still a work in process, but it should be mostly working at this point.

## The Code

    new Timeframe(element, options);


### Options available:

* `months`:
  The number of calendar months showing at once (default: `2`).

* `format`:
  The strftime format for the dates in the input fields (default:
  `%b %d, %Y`). (With [Datejs](http://datejs.com), it takes Datejs
  formatting.)

* `weekOffset`:
  Override the localization's default weekday start with this option (e.g.,
  `1` will force the rows to start on Monday; use `0` for Sunday).

* `startField`, `endField`:
  Declare the range start and end input tags (by default, these are generated
  with the Timeframe). When the `value` attribute is pre-populated, the
  Timeframe will load with this range.

* `previousButton`, `todayButton`, `nextButton`, `resetButton`:
  Declare the navigational buttons (these are also generated by default with
  the Timeframe).

* `earliest`, `latest`:
  The earliest and latest selectable dates (accepts either a `Date` object or
  a `String` that can be parsed with `Date.parse()`).

* `maxRange`:
  Limit the maximum possible range length (set to `1` to turn Timeframe into
  a regular old date picker).


### Localization:

Drop in a localized version of [Datejs](http://datejs.com), and it should just
work. An added bonus is that the text fields will live-parse more nicely! Just
try "next tues."
